---
layout:     post
title:      Hit A Snag
author:     Nia
tags: 		  ValueApp
subtitle:  	Daily Review
category:   daily
---

So close with my [value app](https://niamurrell.github.io/search/index.html#ValueApp)!! I got it to a point where I considered the MVP just about finished and in testing the site I noticed a bug. The per-use cost would update properly whenever I added a new use, but I noticed that if I edit the initial purchase amount, the per-use cost wasn't updating at the same time. 

I realized this was because I'm using `findByIdAndUpdate`, using only the user input from the form to update the document, whereas the per-use-cost would also need to be calculated and updated based on the newly updated initial purchase price. I had a few ideas to try and fix this:

* Add the current per-use-cost into the update object somehow so that it is submitted with the other form data: doesn't work because you would still need to pull the `useCount` from the stored data.
* Instead of `findByIdAndUpdate`, use `findById` to pull the existing document from the database, including the current `useCount`. Calculate the new `useCount` and create a new object containing all of the updated information. Use `Model.update()` to then send the new object to the database. I tried this with the code below, but the data didn't persist. I'm still not entirely sure why so I will try to figure this out, but may move on to option 3 instead.
```javascript
UserThing.findById(req.params.id, function(err, foundThing) {
    if (err) {
      res.redirect("/mythings");
      console.log(err);
    } else {
      console.log("Step 1: " + foundThing);
      var updatedCurrentValue = req.body.purchasePrice / foundThing.useCount;
      var modifiedThing = {
        name: req.body.name,
        purchaseDate: new Date(req.body.purchaseDate),
        purchasePrice: req.body.purchasePrice,
        currentValue: updatedCurrentValue
      };
      console.log("Newly created object: " + modifiedThing);
      foundThing.update(req.params.id, modifiedThing, function(err, updatedThing) {
        if (err) {
          res.redirect("/mythings");
          console.log(err);
        } else {
          console.log("Step 2: " + modifiedThing);
          req.flash("success", "Thing updated!");
          res.redirect("/mythings/" + req.params.id);
        }
      });
    }
  });
```
I don't like this anyway because it's really messy!

* Option 3: it may make more sense beyond this issue to use update the values using AJAX instead of reloading the page for each update. I was already thinking this may be the best solution for deleting `useDates` as well. So next I'll learn a bit about AJAX to see if it's really a good solution.

