---
layout:     post
title:      RESTful Routing
author:     Nia
tags: 		  RESTful
subtitle:  	Daily Review
category:   daily
---

### RESTful Routing

Learned the basics of the RESTFUL routing convention. I can already see how this should be updated & applied to our group project--nice to be able to put it into practice so quickly! Here are the basics for reference:

Name | Path | Request | Description
|---------|:----------|:----------:|---------:|
INDEX   |/users|  GET  |Display list of all users|
NEW    | /users/new | GET | Display form to create new user
CREATE  | /users | POST | Add new user to database
SHOW  | /users/:id | GET | Show info about 1 specific user
EDIT  | /users/:id/edit | GET | Show edit form for 1 specific user
UPDATE  | /users/:id | PUT | Update specific user details
DESTROY  | /users/:id | DELETE | Delete specific user

I also built more routes and functionality in my [bootcamp project](https://github.com/niamurrell/firecamp-yelp-clone). It's nice to see it coming together.


### Other Stuff

I went to the AT&T Shape Conference today. They had some cool demos of the VR, AR, and other tech products that are new to (or soon coming to) market. It seemed like they were more focused on the consumer side of things rather than the tech or development but it was interesting to see--I am glad I went.

Also my teammate on the group project successfully linked Postgres to our app UI, which was a big step! I played around with it a bit today but hoping to pick up some more information in tomorrow's workshops before starting on the login feature.

### Up Next

Workshop day tomorrow!
